Update tctl deprecation messaging (#2467)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cli/release-message.md

  - temporal server
---

:::info Temporal CLI is now available

The public preview of [Temporal CLI](/cli) is now available.
We encourage you to begin using it and to provide feedback.

> After we release Temporal CLI v1, we will deprecate tctl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the release of Temporal CLI v1.0, tctl will deprecate.
```
